1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do? 
	+public: A public member can be accessed from anywhere in the code, whether it is inside the same assembly
	+private:A private member can only be accessed within the same class or struct where it is declared. 
			 It is not visible to code outside the class or struct.
	+protected: A protected member can be accessed within the same class or struct, and in any derived class or struct. 
				It is not visible to code outside the class or struct hierarchy.
	+internal: An internal member can be accessed within the same assembly where it is declared, but not from code in a different assembly.
	+protected internal: A protected internal member can be accessed within the same assembly where it is declared, 
						as well as in any derived class or struct,
						even if it is in a different assembly.
	+private protected: A private protected member can be accessed within the same class or struct, 
						and in any derived class or struct that is declared in the same assembly as the containing class or struct. 
						It is not visible to code outside the assembly.
2.What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to a type member?
	+A static member is associated with the type itself, rather than with instances of the type. 
	There is only one copy of a static member in memory, no matter how many instances of the type are created
	+A const member is a compile-time constant that cannot be changed once it is assigned. 
	+A readonly members are run-time constants that can be assigned a value either in the constructor or at the point of declaration
	and  are used to define constant values that cannot be changed
3. What does a constructor do?
	 +call to initialize and create the object of the class 
	 +overload the constructor is possible (same name but diffrent parameter for diffrent functionality
			//such as return type ,number of parameters 
	 +cannot be overwritten and inherited 
	 +By defaults derive class constructor will call to parameterless constructor 
	 +Default constructor will be replace if parameters constructor are created
	 +Constructor can be invoke NOT inherit
4. Why is the partial keyword useful?
	+indicates that other parts of the class, struct, or interface can be defined in the namespace
5. What is a tuple?
	+C# tuple is a data structure that provides an easy way to represent a single set of data
6. What does the C# record keyword do?
	+define a reference type that provides built-in functionality for encapsulating data
7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
	+Overloading: same name, different parameters and returns, and within same class
	+Overriding: same name, parameters and returns, invoke of function from another class 
8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
	+A field is a variable of any type that is declared directly in a class. 
	+A property is a member that provides a flexible mechanism to read, write or compute the value of a private field {get, set}
9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
	Use overloading ,params and default values
10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
	Interface: only have declaration but no implemetaion 
		   has memember public by defaults
		   cannot be an instance of interface but can still use upcast
		   support multiple inheritance but no abstract class
		   cannot have constructor
	An abstract class allows you to create functionality that subclasses can implement or override. 
	An interface only allows you to define functionality, not implement it. 
11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
	Public
12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations
of the same method.
	True
13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
	True
14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
	True
15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class. 
	False
16.True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class. 
	True
17. True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class.
	True
18. True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. 
	True
19. True/False.In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the
base class.
	False
20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an
implementation for all of the members of the interface.
	False
21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that
aren’t defined in the interface.
	True
22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class.
	False
23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface.What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
	True
24. What's the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
	Garbage collector: identify and discard those objects that are no longer needed by application
		Different generations: 
				Generation 0: youngest generation, contains newly created objects. Most objects are created and destroyed in this.
				Generation 1: contains objects that have survived at least one garbage collection cycle. Object survive multiple cycles => prompted to higher generations
				Generation 2: contains objects that survived multiple collection cycles. Long live and represent the core data structures of the application 
